Hi Danrley,

Thank you for taking the time to talk to Mareike. 
Here is the API exercise that she mentioned.

This portion of the API gives you access to all the designs that are for sale in Spoonflower's marketplace.
Using the language of your choice, build a small application using the API.
What you build is completely up to you. Please don't spend more than 4 hours on this.
It isn't meant to be an exhaustive project, just something to give us an idea of your current skills.

Also, this API is not currently public and far from complete. So, if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to send me an email!

Best,
Stefanie

http://search.spoonflower.com/admin/searchv2

X-Auth-Token: 2m7srmasyo4rvbav4hp7aowarahgb3qrw3i50pesgbgo2b81ih

Parameters
q: The search term or terms
offset: The starting index of the results (for pagination). The default is 0.
limit: The maximum number of results to return. The default is 50.
sort: The type of sort to use. One of classic, freshtastic, or relevant. The default is classic.
availability: Whether designs should be for_sale (the default), not_for_sale, or all.
substrate: If for sale, the substrate it should be for sale on. One of fabric, wallpaper, gift_wrap, or any. The default is any.
view: Only return designs with the specified type of images: fabric or project. The default is nothing, which does not restrict the designs returned by type of images.
filter: One of none (the default), connections, favorites, or user. If set, you should also set the user_id parameter.
user_id: One of none (the default), connections, favorites, or user. If set, you should also set the filter parameter.
color1: A color to search for in format #FFFFFF
color2: A color to search for in format #FFFFFF
color3: A color to search for in format #FFFFFF
color4: A color to search for in format #FFFFFF
location: A seller's location, such as city name or state or country name.
jsonp: A jsonp callback function name - this is temporary and will be removed at some point. You can also use 'callback' for this parameter name.
